## Project Information

Create a front-end application using AWS Amplify that includes user authentication. Your application should have a login page, fetch and display static content from an S3 bucket, and include a mini portal where users can submit inputs, which will be saved to DynamoDB and displayed on the UI.

## Deliverables as part of the challenge:
 1) This Project is created using AWS Amplify Gen-2 Template.
 2) We needed a amplifyconfiguaration.json file to implement the auth, api and storage. It can be generated by amplify init command or can use existing backend which is already created.
 ## amplify pull --appId **************** --envName dev 
 3) The project already has few existing static data from S3 bucket for displaying the background themes.
 4) Upon Succesful login User can able to send a service request which would be stored in DynamoDB, And can be seen as a UI when succesfully created.
 5) A user can store dynamic data, For example a profile photo can be uploaded to S3 bucket and user might be able to see after its uploaded.

 ## Example of a Service Request
•	Service Request Name: Unable to upload data
•	Service Request Description: When user tries to upload specific files, they are getting a timeout error
•	Creation Date: 13/02/2025
•	Severity: High
•	Resolution Date: 14/02/2025
•	Reporter Name: Alex Morgan
•	Contact Information: alex.morgan@newapplication.com
•	Location: Melbourne

## Live Site Amplify Link

There is live amplify url which can be tested here: https://main.d2orjwx0w72oqh.amplifyapp.com/

